>>After the church councils in
400 AD, Jesus grows a beard.
He grows long hair.
They take his wand away.
What just happened?
Did he pull a John Lennon, going
from clean-shaven, cherubic
Beatle to long-haired,
bearded messiah, solo artist?
Or are these two
different people?
Did they take out the original
Jesus and put in an imposter?
That sounds extreme,
but some people
believe that's
exactly what happened.
Because it's after this
time that you no longer
work for the gods.
You worship a God.
Oops.
Fact of the matter is,
we can trace this imagery
to its source.
This imagery comes from Egypt.
On the left, Jesus raising
Lazarus; on the right,
the Egyptian god of
divine magic Thoth
with his key of
life and caduceus
wand in hand raising Osiris.
Lazarus, Osiris; Osiris,
Lazarus-- pretty much
the same name, isn't it?
This is exactly
the same depiction.
Where does it come from?
Abydos.
What else was housed at Abydos?
The Osiris device.
I believe we're dealing
with the remote control
to the Osiris device.
And what Jesus was
doing was updating
the teaching of Thoth, the
Egyptian god of divine magic.
This is very uncomfortable for
some people to contemplate,
because Jesus was supposed
to be an original.
Sorry.
He wasn't original,
not by any stretch.
What was original was the story
that emerged after 400 AD.
What we're to go do,
though, is to hit the books
and find out where
this stuff came from.
And this is where it came from.
I believe that these
figures are interchangeable.
The scenes are telling
exactly the same story.
What's been omitted
is the technology.
Why is it omitted?
Because you can't have a planet
full of Christ-like beings
running around.
They don't pay taxes, and
they're totally unmanageable.
So the Church tells
you there's one
guy at the top of the
pyramid, and, honey, you
can't get there.
So just proclaim a
belief in this figure,
and you're going
to be just fine.
But the Gnostics, those who
sought to find this knowledge
to transmute themselves
into these pure beings,
had a whole other agenda
and a whole other take.
Of course, we identify Thoth's
wand as the caduceus wand,
the rod of transformation.
It's what we're dealing with.
It's also the rod of Hermes,
who is portrayed here
in this Greek depiction, Hermes
being the Greek name for Thoth,
with his rod, releasing souls
from their vessel, the vessel
being the human body.
So I think that this is a
classic depiction of Jesus
with his rod and
his ring, and that's
what we're all looking
for, is the secrets
of that rod, which assuredly is
within us, and so is that ring.
Messianic prophecy says that
the Messiah will seat himself
on the mercy seat in the Holy
of Holies of Mount Moriah.
This is a favorite
photograph I took
in front of Notre
Dame Cathedral that
shows an enlightened person,
probably Mary, sitting
on the throne with the ladder
or stairway to heaven running up
her body and with
a book in hand,
kind of an
androgynous-looking figure.
It could be Mary.
It could also be Jesus.
But this is the place
where we all want to be,
sitting on the throne with our
stairway to heaven activated,
our scepter in hand, our rod in
hand, and our book of wisdom.
As I said, just as a branch
from the tree of life
was kept before the Ark,
the Ark of the Covenant,
this messianic figure
will set the rod of light
before himself on the throne
of God, where the tree of life
had grown in the Garden of Eden.
That's the prophecy
surrounding this.
I believe the Garden of
Eden could be a place.
But chances are,
if this device is
an antenna, what we're
beginning to believe,
or what I'm
beginning to surmise,
is that it brought a healing
frequency to this realm.
It bathed the gods in a
frequency or key of life
that activated latent
capabilities within themselves,
as well as within human DNA.
And if you can get in the
presence of this device
as it's radiating
this energy, we're
talking about activation going
on in a major, major way.
So I believe the Garden
of Eden was a place,
but it was also a frequency,
a vibration, a ring.
This is the ring that
accompanies the rod.
So when I'm talking
about the rod and ring,
I'm talking about a
rod, and I'm talking
about a frequency,
or a vibration,
that this rod emits,
one that activates us,
accelerates us, in fact,
may even enlighten us.
This is the Secret
Seal of Solomon.
It's important for
us to look at this,
because we are talking about the
rebuilding of Solomon's Temple.
The Secret Seal of Solomon,
well known to magicians.
Solomon, we're
told, gained by it
the love of all manner of
persons and overcame in battle,
for neither weapons nor fire
nor water could hurt him.
Wow-- that's an
incredible technology.
You instantly have
the love of all people
and you're impervious
your enemies' weapons?
How do you get that?
I'd like to know.
It held the secret
to wonderful things,
this Secret Seal of Solomon.
This seal was placed
on the Vessel of Brass
in front of the temple.
The seal was placed
on the Vessel of Brass
in front of the temple.
Solomon used this seal
to bind up spirits.
I see dead people, right?
[LAUGHTER]
Solomon said, I've got a seal.
I'll fix their ass.
Here.
Fwhoom!
And he seals them
with this secret seal.
Essentially what the Seal of
Solomon is is a rod and a ring.
So what we see is the Seal
of Solomon on the left,
and on the right is
a simple line drawing
of a rod with a
circle, or a ring.
And that is what the
Seal of Solomon is.
It's our rod and ring again
that produced wonderful things,
made Solomon a loving
being that made him
impervious to enemies' weapons.
What I noted is that the
Secret Seal of Solomon, the rod
and ring, is a virtual match
for this rod with a ring of 50
stone pillars in a circle.
You all see the similarity
between these two diagrams?
OK, good.
Because the diagram on the left
is the Secret Seal of Solomon.
The diagram on the right is a
place in Nashville, Tennessee,
called the Bicentennial
Capitol Mall.
It is a rod in a ring.
Does it produce
wonderful things?
I think it does.
And that's where we're going
to end up this afternoon.
And what I'm going to be doing
throughout our talk today
is comparing these
images and talking
about why this rod
and ring in Nashville
may, in fact, be
the Seal of Solomon
and the rod and ring of
the Messiah, as we call it.
I call this place Stargate Park.
This rod and ring sits in
front of our state capitol
in downtown Nashville, which
sits atop an artificially
tiered mound.
It's located on a sacred site.
Why is it sacred?
Because there's an
inscription here
that tells us that this
was once a sacred burial
ground where vast numbers
of bodies had been interred.
Now, I don't know what you think
when someone tells you there's
vast numbers of
bodies interred here,
but it sounds like a lot of
people to me-- thousands,
maybe more.
Again, we see dead people.
Is it merely
coincidence that this
matches the Seal of Solomon?
And one of the purposes or
uses of the Seal of Solomon
was to seal spirits.
Are there spirits sealed here?
I can't say for sure, but
there are musicians here
in Nashville that think
Nashville is Music City, USA,
because ancient Indian
spirits are communicating
through the 39,000
professional songwriters that
make Nashville their home.
So we're going to talk about
this as we continue and compare
this rod and ring of Nashville
and its role as a sacred center
going back thousands of years.
In fact, in the
Tennessee State Museum,
we see this painting
of the local Indians
who once dwelt here.
They call them the
Stone Grave Race.
There are other names for them.
They built a
ceremonial mound right
near the present side of
the bicentennial mall.
You can't call it a
pyramid, even though that's
what it is, because
"pyramid" sounds Egyptian,
and everybody knows there
was no one in America
before Columbus got here.
So you have to call it a mound
to satisfy the archeologists.
And so here is a
photograph, then,
from the top of the Bicentennial
Mall complex looking
towards the state capitol.
And you can see that the thing
is artificially tiered, sort of
like a pyramid.
At the apex is the
ring, called the Court
of Three Stars,
which we're going
to discuss in detail later.
Photographs of the pillars
that ring the Court of Three
Stars-- these actually
have bells in them.
So this circle literally does
ring every hour on the hour.
It plays the "Tennessee Waltz,"
the "Essene Waltz," I call it,
because Tennessee is the word
"Eessennet" spelled backwards.
So this is actually a
rod and a ring together.
Very strange how it's
all come together.
This is the pillars that
ring at Karnak in Egypt.
And this is the Bicentennial
Mall at night from the Court
of Three Stars looking towards
the capitol in a photograph
by a friend, John
Partipilo, who is
a photographer for the
"Tennessean," the local paper.
So what I'm suggesting
to you is that there's
a tremendous similarity
between the rod
and ring of the Bicentennial
Mall in Nashville
and the rod and ring
carried by Jesus
in this fourth-century
Coptic depiction of them.
Notice his rod
actually culminates
in three lobes, which
correspond with the three
stars of the rod in Nashville.
His ring in his hand, if
you take it and put it
around the three stars,
that's what that is.
They correspond in a very
interesting and powerful way.
Actually, what we're
going to be looking
at in the second part
of our talk today
is the correspondence
between the rod and ring
of the Bicentennial Capitol
Mall and Fludd's depiction
of the perfect human.
Because, in fact, the mall is
a model of our chakra system.
Each of the seven
chakras are perfectly
marked with appropriate
symbolism, all by chance.
And we'll talk about what
I mean by that later.
Why Nashville?
Why is this complex
in Nashville?
Well, I often refer people
to JJ Hurtak's book "The Keys
of Enoch."
In it, a book
channeled by Hurtak
in the '70s through Enoch, he
talks about 12 sacred sites
that ring the planet, sort
of like a sacred necklace,
a pearl necklace of sacred
sites of the goddess.
The center point of it is the
Great Pyramid complex in Giza.
He isolates regions
in southern France
in the center of
the Atlantic, where
people think
Atlantis was located;
in Mongolia; the
Philippines; Hawaii;
Vancouver, British Columbia;
Oak Island, Nova Scotia.
And Hurtak, or Enoch, says there
will be two new enlightenment
centers at the time of The
Awakening, or Activation,
if you will.
One will be located in the
Four Corners area of the US.
The other is in the
Southeastern quadrant of the US,
running on a corridor
from Lexington, Kentucky,
to Nashville, Tennessee.
Wait.
Did someone say Nashville,
Tennessee, is going
to be an enlightenment center?
Yeah, that's one
possible explanation
for why this is happening here.
And again, we're going to go
into Nashville in detail later,
and you'll see some things
that don't make sense going on
in this city unless there's
a higher mind operating
through the architecture and the
other activities going on here.
By the way, Graham
Hancock and Robert Bauval
wrote a book called "Talisman."
And they talk about how
secret societies use
the architecture of
cities around the world
to transmit knowledge.
They cite Paris
and Washington, DC,
as two key examples of
cities that are utilized
by these secret societies.
London is another one.
They said a tip-off
that you're dealing
with one of these Hermetic
cities, as they're called,
or cities where the secret
societies are operative,
is look for Hermes in a
prominent place in the city.
Well, we're here at
Union Station Hotel,
and flying high above
this hotel is Hermes.
That tells me Nashville is
one of these Hermetic cities.
And I'd like to put a Gibson
Les Paul guitar in his hand
here and let him
rip and let him know
what the real business
that goes on here is.
So I want to shift
gears now, and we're
going to talk about a concept
called The Instructor-- The
Instructor.
According to the Quran, "Osiris"
is the Arabic pronunciation
for Idris, a prophet who
was known as The Instructor.
And Idris is known as the
son of Cain, or Enoch.
So again, in the
keys of Enoch, we're
talking about a city
of Enoch, or "Enosh,"
to pronounce Enoch with a
soft C-H instead of a hard,
like "Noshville."
We're talking about a
place of instruction.
And that is what
Nashville is, and that
is what Osiris was as
well, was the instructor.
So as we're looking
at the Osiris device,
we're actually
looking at a device
that provides instruction.
Osiris is portrayed as a device
and also in a human form.
You always identify Osiris
because he's got a green face.
He's the original green man.
And you can also identify Osiris
because, as the instructor,
he's also holding his
green wand, or rod.
Here is Osiris with his
green face and his green rod,
or wand, in his hand.
It's called the Ouas Scepter.
And it's commonly called the
Key of the Nile-- the Key
of the Nile.
It's placed in the hands
of all the Netters,
or all the gods of Egypt, and
it pertains to the living branch
conducting the vivifying
sap, the nourishing sap,
the [? highly ?] of
the philosophers,
the word of the Christians,
says Schwaller de Lubicz.
So this rod or staff
that he has in his hand
is a branch from
the tree of life
that is a conductor of this
spiritual substance called
"the word," like, "In the
beginning, was the word,"
the life-force energy upon
which the world is built. Again,
it is a living branch
from the tree of life,
always portrayed as
green, by the way.
We see Akhenaten
with the key of life,
conducting streams of water,
which also symbolize this life
force energy.
As I mentioned, the
Ouas Scepter is commonly
called the Key of the Nile.
Well, here's a key
piece of information.
The Egyptians subscribe to
Thoth's law, "as above, so
below; as within, so without."
When we're talking
about the Nile in Egypt,
we're not just talking
about the earthly river that
runs through Egypt, the Nile.
We're talking about the
heavenly Nile, the river
of life, the Milky Way.
And what that means is that this
staff, or rod, in their hand
somehow conducted
this substance that
originates in the Milky Way.
In my DVD "Egypt,
Shadow of Atlantis,"
I gave a talk on Egyptian
stargate metaphysics
and the Dimension
of the Blessed.
And I show this Egyptian
princess aboard her craft,
sailing along the Nile.
Again, she's probably not
sailing on the earthly Nile.
She's sailing on the waters
of the heavenly Nile.
She's prepared herself
to ride this craft, which
looks like a wormhole,
into eternity upon the Nile
in the heavens.
This rod conducted
the vivifying sap,
the nourishing sap,
the [? highly ?]
of the philosophers, the
word of the Christians that
originates in our galaxy.
In "Stargate 2012,"
I talked about how
I researched the
Maya and their belief
that in 2012, we're
going to see the return
of this sap substance.
And as I like to
say, I consulted
god, or a form of God, Google.
And I typed in "cosmic
sap." "What is cosmic sap?"
The first entry
talks about the Maya
and their belief in this
Itz, or this substance
called cosmic sap.
Then we come down a few lines,
and it says "high energy
cosmic phenomena."
Oh, OK, what we're
talking about with sap,
what that stands for
is Sub-Atomic Particle.
What these ancients had, maybe
even at the time of Atlantis,
was an ability to conduct
subatomic particles,
to conduct cosmic rays.
I go into this in my
book. "The Illuminator,"
and talk about how
Mary Magdalene was
harnessing cosmic rays.
And this is what she actually
utilized to make the anointing
oil that she used
to anoint Jesus that
proclaimed him the Christos.
And I'm excited, because
there's a number of authors
now that, beginning
this fall in 2006,
you're going to see a whole
trail of books talking
about the ancients and their
understanding of cosmic rays.
And so that's something
to really look forward to,
because what it all points
to me is that we are
on a threshold of awakening.
We are beginning to understand
that, hey, I'm a star traveler.
I didn't originate
on this planet.
I might have come from any of
the other 450 billion galaxies
that inhabit the known universe,
which comprises about 10%
of what we think is
actually out there.
Think about that for a second.
I came from out there, and
I am presently inhabiting
this vehicle right here.
I am a stargate traveler.
How do I know that?
Because I'm in a human body, and
we now know, at least according
to William Henry,
that the human body
is, in fact, a
stairway to heaven.
That's the value of
being in this body.
And so to the extent that we
learn how to operate that,
we are on this place
of awakening right now.
We can see in the
very big, and we
can see through our
electron microscopes
into the very tiniest
level of reality.
We're talking about
quantum physics now.
We're talking about 10 and
11 dimensions, possibly more.
We stand at that
threshold of awakening
with the above above us and the
below below us as a conduit,
as a conductor.
And what a phenomenal
time to be alive
and to be investigating
these mysteries.
"Messianic consciousness,"
awakened consciousness,
what we're striving
for, "is not something
that comes in the future.
It is our intrinsic nature.
And don't let any moron standing
in a pulpit tell you otherwise.
It is our intrinsic nature.
It is our birthright available
to all of us here and now"
for the asking.
"Although obscured
over the millennia
by clouds of
ignorance"-- and we won't
go into who are the
priests of ignorance.
You all know who they are.
"Its light continues to
shine in the divine sparks
at the core of our being."
Rabbi David Cooper in a
book called "God is a Verb."
Could not have said
it better myself.
"Messianic consciousness
is not something
that comes in the future.
It is our intrinsic nature."
It ought to be written
above every courthouse
on this planet.
This is law number one.
It is our birthright, available
to all of us here and now.
And no Patriot Act,
no Homeland Security,
no idiot living in a
cave in Afghanistan
can take this away from
us, as much as they try.
"Although obscured
over the millennia
by clouds of
ignorance, its light
continues to shine
in the divine sparks
at the core of our being."
That's why we have
to connect with it.
They can try and
control my body.
I am no longer a
passenger on an airliner.
I am a prisoner.
I know that because I fly a lot.
And from the second I
arrive at the airport,
I am the prisoner of the TSA.
If I step a little bit to
the left or a little bit
to the right, I'm in jail.
I am considered a terrorist.
But I would respond
to them that I'm not
part of your war on terror.
I'm part of the battle for tara,
compassion and enlightenment,
and the rise of
messianic consciousness
on this planet,
Christ consciousness,
if you want to call it that.
When you hear the
politicians, especially
those with a
Southern accent, say
we're winning the war
on "tara," I'm thinking,
you are winning the war against
compassion and enlightenment?
Oh, no, no, we don't
want to support that.
This is our natural habitat.
This garden of galaxies,
which represents the farthest
distance our Hubble
Space telescope can see,
is our natural habitat.
And we have to begin to connect
ourselves with these realms.
And that's what's
going to enable
the flip on the earthly realm.
Because otherwise,
we're just going
to keep tightening this
knot that we've got
going on this planet right now.
And all that's going to lead
to is ultimate destruction.
In Egypt, Osiris was
overlaid upon the earth--
interesting concept.
He was Egypt.
His companion, Isis,
was the star Sirius.
Her light renewed
Osiris each year
with the flooding of the Nile.
Sirius' annual appearance
just before dawn
at the summer solstice heralded
the coming rise of the Nile.
What we're beginning
to understand--
and there's a really
wonderful book
called "The Lost Star
of Myth and Time"
by Walter Cruttenden that
explains this in detail--
is that it looks like
Sirius is actually
our binary star,
our companion star.
What the ancient Egyptians
appeared to have known
is that there are, as Walter
Cruttenden describes it,
an electromagnetic field
that comes from Sirius.
Together, our
binary star rotates
around another grand
center as well that's
constantly feeding,
bathing us in this energy.
At certain times, we
enter into that field.
These produced golden ages.
At other times, we're
away from that field,
and we need a
technology in order
to reach up and grab a hold of
that bathing or enlightening
energy.
And this happened once
a year around January 1
in Egypt when the Earth and
Sun are at their closest
point of contact, and
the Earth's meridian
was pointed toward Sirius.
It's like our planet's
meridian pointed directly
to the source of
renewing energy.
And this is cited as evidence
that our solar system
is, in fact, moving
towards our companion star.
Ptah is an ancient Egyptian
god who is directly
connected with Sirius.
Some researchers,
like Stephen Mehler,
who upholds the indigenous
tradition of ancient Egypt,
tells us that Ptah
actually came from Sirius.
I find it fascinating to
look at Ptah's business card.
It says he's the architect
of heaven and earth;
the master craftsman
in working metals;
sculptor, designer, and
fashioner of the bodies of men.
He was a blacksmith, sculptor,
and mason of the gods.
What we note in
his hieroglyph is
that he appears to have a
double helix in his hieroglyph.
Egyptologists think
that's ridiculous.
They say what that is is
simply string or flax.
Oh, come on-- you've
got to be kidding me.
If it looks like a duck
and walks like a duck
and the guy is the fashioner
of the bodies of men,
then why can't that
be a double helix?
Well, because the ancients
didn't have that knowledge.
Only we have that
knowledge today.
Wrong.
I think that there is
a direct connection
between these
high-energy cosmic rays,
this electromagnetic field of
Sirius that activates latent
capabilities within our DNA.
And gods such as Ptah were
responsible for creating
the body and depositing these
instructions, this code,
within our DNA, so
that when we encounter,
for example, the Osiris device
or other rods and rings,
it activates this latent
capability within our DNA,
enables us to transform
ourselves into Ptah, or Osiris,
as Ptah is portrayed here.
Isis, or Sirius, is actually
identified as the soul of Isis.
In fact, an inscription at the
Temple of Hathor at Dendera
reads, "Her Majesty Isis shines
into the temple on New Year's
Day, and she mingles
her light with that
of her father on the horizon.
It is on this day that
Sirius bathes the courtyard
of the temple with its light."
And what do we find at the
temple of Hathor at Dendera?
Well, in the crypt we see what
appeared to be cathode ray
tubes, light bulbs, evidence
of advanced technology,
featuring the TET
pillar, or power pillar,
we saw in the
hieroglyph of Osiris,
often cited as evidence of an
advanced pre-flood civilization
that understood the
same things we do today.
A cathode ray tube, that's
what we call a television.
That's our computer screen.
So when people
say, well, there's
no evidence in the ancient
world of Coke bottles,
they didn't leave any
Pepsi cans around,
well, they didn't have to.
They left us something
even more extraordinary
than that that suggests
they, in fact, had
this ancient technology.